Greetings, {PlayerName}. 
I am world artisan Taoism DeepLake, and I have visited your wonderful world.
We world artisans, also known as modders, bring modifications to worlds. Your world is probably filled with all kinds of modifications now.
I hereby present you my gift - the Divine Weapons.

Dig down. Smelt it. Craft into a sword. Open the package.
Books for identifying. Pearls for enhancement. Charms for rank up.
With a Sky Weapon, you will see power.

Dig down into where you would usually find diamond ores, and with luck, you will see some glowing colorful ores. Don't use TNT to blow it, although I don't have a good reason. 

Bring diamond pickaxe to mine them, and just smelt them like iron ores. The beautiful ingots you get are Divine Ingots, which comes to shape at its own will. As "beautiful" is an objective word, you may found it not so pretty, it's ok.

Two ingots plus a wood stick are enough let the spell work, just craft it as if creating any other sword.
You will get the blade coming into shape, consider it a package. Touch it with your right hand (right click) to see what the ingots decides to become. There are many possible results. Do this in survival mode.

The weapons you get doesn't recognize you, and vice versa. Give them a book, and they will introduce themselves to you. If you lost that book, or just enjoy listening to your weapon, you can do it multiple times. They will not get bored of self-introductions.

The Divine Ingots are quite flexible, and you can smelt it again. What you get are Divine Pearls. Each weapon can socket up to 5 pearls. The pearls boosts the weapon.

I I
 A
I I
The ingots like anvils. Build 4 ingots into an anvil's corner, you will get an Earth Charm, which are more powerful than 4 pearls.
Put the charm onto the divine weapon you craft, and see how the weapon grows stronger. It's more than an "Earth" notifcation in their name. 

GDG
DCD
GDG
Earth weapons are capable of entering their final form - Sky Weapon. Behold your weapon's true power.
Earth Charms can absorb 4 gold block plus 4 diamond block to grow into Sky Charms. Remember only weapons enhanced into Earth Level can endure Sky power. The sky charm won't recognize normal weapons.

A spell of blessing is enclosed.
Future shifts, Divine watchs



